Update README.md (#335)
vhive-serverless/vSwarm: README.md

[vHive](https://github.com/ease-lab/vhive), and is compatible with all technologies that it supports,
namely, containers, Firecracker and gVisor microVMs. The majority of benchmarks support distributed
tracing with [Zipkin](https://zipkin.io/) which traces both the infra components and the user
functions. 

> In addition to full application benchmarks composed of more than one function, the suite contains a set of independent [standalone functions](./benchmarks/README.md#standalone-functions-benchmark-summary). Most of the standalone functions are compatible with [vSwarm-u](https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vSwarm-u), a framework that integrates the benchmarks with [gem5](https://www.gem5.org/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the multi-function benchmarks, the vSwarm suite contains a set of [standalone functions](./benchmarks/README.md#standalone-functions-benchmark-summary), which support both x86 and arm64 architectures. Most of the standalone functions are compatible with [vSwarm-u](https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vSwarm-u), which allows to run them in the [gem5](https://www.gem5.org/) cycle-accurate full-system CPU simulator and study microarchitectural implications of serverless computing.
```
